# That Logo Came From The Moon! Contest Terms & Conditions
By submission of your designs, you give and grant to The Solarian Group, Inc., its affiliates, subsidiaries, consultants, independent contractors, successors, assigns, designees and licensees (“Solarian”), the right to use, publish and copyright your submission, name, nickname, picture, portrait, likeness, characteristics, signature or facsimile thereof, and supporting materials (the “Submission”) as embodied in materials associated with Solarian’s products, marketing, advertising, sales or promotional efforts (the “Materials”) in all forms of media now known or hereafter created, including without limitation, video, television, print, billboards, point-of-purchase materials, corporate communications, internal and external marketing pieces, and Internet in any and all territories throughout the world. 

You further agree that: 
You are the legal owner of all rights in the materials (editorial and photographic) contained in your Submission and have the right to assign such materials to Solarian and that such materials do not infringe upon or violate the intellectual property rights of any other person or entity. Any third-party intellectual property used in your Submission must conform to the license conditions indicated by the owner. 
No further consideration of any kind will be paid to you in connection with the Submission or Solarian’s use thereof. 
Solarian will have the exclusive right to use, sell, edit, change, add to, delete from, arrange, revise, promote, reproduce and distribute the Submission, in whole or in part, and separately or in connection with Submissions furnished or created by others. 
You acknowledge that the Submission is a “works made for hire” as defined by the copyright laws of the United States. Solarian is and will remain the owner of the Submission and of all copyrights, trademarks, and other rights relating thereto. Nothing herein will constitute any obligation on Solarian to make any use of any of the rights set forth herein. 
You agree that no use of the Submission will constitute defamation against you or an invasion of your privacy or publicity rights or any other rights I may have in or relating to the Submission. 
No Materials need be submitted to you for any further approval. 
You hereby release Solarian from any and all claims, liabilities, responsibilities, or damages arising from the use of the Submission.

 By submitting your official entry you hereby consent to, affirm, and agree to be bound by the foregoing Talent Release and that I am eighteen years of age or older and (in the case that the submitter is under the age of 18), that the parent or legal guardian of the submitter has authorized the submitter to agree to these terms on their behalf. 
- - - -
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN PRIZE. PURCHASE WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. The “That Logo Came From The Moon!” (the “Contest”) is sponsored by The Solarian Group, Inc., a North Carolina Corporation (“Solarian” or “Sponsor”). The Contest is governed by these official rules. By participating in the Contest, each entrant and their respective parents and guardians agree to these official rules, including all eligibility requirements, and understands that the results of the Contest are final in all respects. The Contest is subject to all federal, state and local laws and regulations and is void where prohibited by law.  
Entrants’ information and entries may be subject to Solarian’s and Bungie, Inc.’s terms and conditions and privacy policy. This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with Bungie, Inc (“Bungie”). By participating in this promotion you agree to a complete release of Solarian and Bungie from any claims. Participation in this promotion is subject to these official rules. 
- - - -
ELIGIBILITY: The Contest is only open to legal residents of the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, Canada, Mexico, the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland, Germany, the Netherlands, Norway, Finland, Australia, New Zealand, and the Republic of Korea who are sixteen (16) years of age or older at the time of entry. Immediate family members and anyone living within the same household of employees, officers and directors of Sponsor and its respective parents, subsidiaries, consultants, agents and suppliers, (collectively, “Contest Entities”) are not eligible to enter or win. Sponsor reserves the right to verify the eligibility of any winner. Up to three (3) entries per individual allowed. All entries must be the entrant’s original, unpublished, and previously unproduced work. 

CONTEST Period: August 24h, 2019 at 12:01AM EST and ends September 17th, 2019 at 11:59PM EST (the “Contest Period”). HOW TO ENTER: Design four (4) original pieces of art for Solarian in the style of Destiny 2: Shadowkeep the can be used to promote the community, our website, and associated services.

General Conditions of entry: No facsimiled, e-mailed, mechanically reproduced or telephoned-in entries will be accepted. Receipt of entries will not be acknowledged, and proof of submission of an entry will not be deemed proof of receipt. Sponsor has no obligation to advise an entrant of an incomplete or otherwise non-compliant entry. Sponsor is not responsible for lost, late, invalid, unintelligible, incomplete, mutilated, garbled, postage-due or misdirected entries, which will be disqualified. All entries become the exclusive property of Sponsor and will not be returned. 

For the purposes of this Contest and these official rules, “receipt” of an online entry occurs when Sponsor’s servers record the entry information. Any automated computer receipt (such as a “thanks for entering message”) does not constitute proof of actual receipt of an online entry by Sponsors. In the event of a dispute as to any online entry, the authorized account holder of the e-mail address used to register and submit the entry will be deemed to be the online entrant. The “authorized account holder” is the natural person assigned an e-mail address by an Internet access provider, online service provider or other organization responsible for assigning e-mail addresses for the domain associated with the submitted address. Potential winners may be required to show proof of being the authorized account holder. 
- - - -
Winner Selection: The winning submission will be judged based upon (1) originality of design, (2) execution quality, (3) adherence to the themes of Shadowkeep, (4) applicability and usefulness of each piece to their purpose, (5) design commonality across all pieces, and (6) impact of design. Judgment of a winner shall be in the sole and absolute discretion of Sponsor and shall not be subject to dispute, protest, contest or claim by entrants. The winner will be contacted by Sponsor according to the contact information provided by that entrant. If a potential winner cannot be contacted or prize notification is returned as undeliverable, that potential winner may be disqualified and an alternate winner selected. All prizes may not be awarded if an insufficient number of eligible entries are received by the applicable drawing date. 
- - - -
Prize: 
ONE (1) GRAND PRIZE WINNER 
* US$10 in Destiny 2 Silver on the winner’s platform of choice 
*  The unique title of “Artist” in the Solarian Discord 
*  An item of apparel with a version of the winning logo embroidered 
Total: $30 (ARV) 
- - - -
Additional Limitations: All prizes are non-transferable except by Sponsor. The prizes cannot be used in conjunction with any other promotion or offer. No substitution or cash equivalent of a prize is permitted; however, Sponsor reserves the right to substitute any prize with another of equal or greater value. The winners are not entitled to the difference between the approximate retail value and the actual value of any prize. Any attempt to damage the content or operation of the Contest is unlawful and subject to legal action by Sponsor or its agents. Sponsor reserves the right to terminate, withdraw or amend the Contest or disqualify any entry for any reason and without notice including, without limitation, if Sponsor suspects tampering has occurred, voiding the entries at issue or terminating the Contest and selecting a winner from among that portion of the Contest that has not been compromised, if any. 
Sponsor will not replace any lost or stolen prize items. Sponsor and any telephone network or internet service providers are not responsible for incorrect or inaccurate transcription of entry information, or for any human error, technical malfunction, lost or delayed data transmission, omission, interruption, deletion, line failure or malfunction of any telephone network, computer equipment or software, the inability to access any web site or online service or any other error, human or otherwise. 
- - - -
Indemnification and limitation of liability: 
By entering the Contest, Each entrant and their respective parents and legal guardians agree to indemnify, release and hold harmless sponsor and all its officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents from any liability, damages, losses or injury resulting in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, from entrant’s participation in the Contest and the acceptance of any prize that may be won.
The Sponsor does not make any warranties, express or implied, as to the condition, fitness or merchantability of any of the prizes. each entrant agrees to execute any document containing the terms and conditions of these official rules. The Sponsor and its officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents disclaim any liability for damage to any computer system resulting from access to or download of information or materials connected with the Contest. 
- - - -
Publicity: 
By submitting an entry, each winner grants the Sponsor and those acting under its authority permission to use the winner’s name, likeness, or comments for advertising and publicity purposes without payment of additional consideration, except where prohibited by law. 
- - - -
GOVERNING LAW: All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these official rules, or the rights and obligations of entrants and the Contest entities in connection with the Contest, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the United States, the State of North Carolina, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules or provisions. Entrant agrees that: (1) any and all disputes, claims, and causes of action arising out of, or connected with, this Contest or any prizes awarded, shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, and exclusively by the United States District Court for the Ninth District of North Carolina or the appropriate North Carolina state court; (2) any and all claims, judgments and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs, but in no event including attorneys’ fees, disbursements or court costs; and (3) under no circumstances will entrant be permitted to obtain awards for, and entrant hereby waives all rights to claim, punitive, incidental and consequential damages, and any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket costs.